Add support for `no_output_timeout` and `background` properties (#63)
DataDog/synthetics-test-automation-circleci-orb: README.md

| `fail_on_timeout`         | boolean      | `true`                                    | Force the CI to fail (or pass) if one of the results exceeds its test timeout.                                                                                                                              |
| `files`                   | string       | `{,!(node_modules)/**/}*.synthetics.json` | Glob pattern to detect Synthetic tests config files.                                                                                                                                                        |
| `junit_report`            | string       | _none_                                    | The filename for a JUnit report if you want to generate one.                                                                                                                                                |
| `locations`               | string       | _values in [test files][18]_              | String of locations separated by semicolons to override the locations where your tests run.                                                                                                                 |

> | `no_output_timeout`       | string       | _30 minutes_                              | Elapsed time the command can run without output. The string is a decimal with unit suffix, such as “20m”, “1.25h”, “5s”. The default is 30 minutes.                                                         |

Reviewer: ditto
```suggestion
| `no_output_timeout`       | string       | _30 minutes_                              | Elapsed time the command can run without output. The string is a decimal with unit suffix, such as “20m”, “1.25h”, “5s”. [See official CircleCI documentation](https://circleci.com/docs/configuration-reference/#run).                                                         |
```
